feat: action v2 signing (#8779)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/apis/actions/v3/usage.md

The API documentation to create a target can be found [here](/apis/resources/action_service_v3/zitadel-actions-create-target)

### Content Signing

> To give the option to check if the content of the request was messed with, the call contains a 'ZITADEL-Signature' in the headers.
> This header contains a HMAC value computed from the content of the request and a timestamp which can be used to timeout requests, through the logic provided in 'pkg/actions/signing.go'.
> The goal is that the HMAC value in the header and the HMAC value computed in the Target are equal, which proves that the sent and received request are equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the integrity of request content, each call includes a 'ZITADEL-Signature' in the headers. This header contains an HMAC value computed from the request content and a timestamp, which can be used to time out requests. The logic for this process is provided in 'pkg/actions/signing.go'. The goal is to verify that the HMAC value in the header matches the HMAC value computed by the Target, ensuring that the sent and received requests are identical.
```
